feat: Move config to an external file (#32)
mweststrate/relative-deps: README.md

# Summary

> Relative deps introduces an additional dependency section in a config file called `relative-deps.json`

Reviewer: Personally, I hate JSON. I mean, you can't even add comments to it. Many popular node packages use `cosmiconfig` to resolve configuration files in a variety of formats: JSON, JS, YAML. Should we offer the same?

Author: Oh cool! I'll take a deeper look at `cosmiconfig`. Seems like a great solution! Thanks

This config contains paths to the local sources of any dependency, that will be built and installed over the publicly available versions, when needed.

Example `package.json`:

```json
{

>   "my-cool-library": "../../packages/my-cool-library"

Reviewer: 1. I don't understand this. It looks like a property at the top level of the `package.json` file. It looks like a mistake. How will `relative-deps` find this dep?

2. I think we should offer both the old and new ways of declaring relative dependencies in the readme. Some prefer to keep everything in package.json, while others want to separate. Unless we're deprecating the former, it should be documented and clearly available.

Author: Regarding the first comment- it's indeed a mistake. it's an example of the `relative-deps.json`.
About the second comment- IMHO, I think we should deprecate the old way of putting the config in package.json but still support people who have it there (which is what I did in this PR)

In general, this doesn't add to much overhead, since usually relative-deps is able to determine rather quickly (~0.5 sec) that there are no changes.

### Configuration alternatives

> You can configure `relative-deps` in few ways, depends on your prefference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure `relative-deps` in several ways, depending on your preference:
```

Reviewer: I'd also add a link to `cosmiconfig` here cause it is so awesome and deserves credit :)

```
- pre: yarn.lock exists or die

> - read relativeDeps from nearest relative-deps.json

Reviewer: Outdated now with cosmiconfig.
